[v8.1.x] profiling: Support binding pprof server to custom network interfaces (#38009)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/troubleshooting/diagnostics.md

## Turn on profiling

> The `grafana-server` can be started with the arguments `-profile` to enable profiling, `-profile-addr` to override the default HTTP address (`localhost`), and
> `-profile-port` to override the default HTTP port (`6060`) where the `pprof` debugging endpoints are available. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start the `grafana-server` with the following arguments: `-profile` to enable profiling, `-profile-addr` to override the default HTTP address (`localhost`), and
		`-profile-port` to override the default HTTP port (`6060`) where the `pprof` debugging endpoints are available. For example:
```
